Add clarification regarding target framework symbols (#36771)
dotnet/docs: includes/preprocessor-symbols.md

> * Versionless symbols are defined regardless of the version you're targeting.
> * Version-specific symbols are only defined for the version you're targeting.
> * The `<framework>_OR_GREATER` symbols are defined for the version you're targeting and all earlier versions. For example, if you're targeting .NET Framework 2.0, the following symbols are defined: `NET20`, `NET20_OR_GREATER`, `NET11_OR_GREATER`, and `NET10_OR_GREATER`.

> > * The `NETSTANDARD<x>_<y>_OR_GREATER` symbols are only defined for .NET Standard targets, and not for .NET 5+ (and .NET Core) and .NET Framework targets, even though they may implement that version of .NET Standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * The `NETSTANDARD<x>_<y>_OR_GREATER` symbols are only defined for .NET Standard targets, and not for targets that implement .NET Standard, such as .NET Core and .NET Framework.
```
